						CITS25 Network Activation (V2.010)
						==================================


Network Activation Scheme
-------------------------

To enable network operation the CITS25 must first be activated on one computer with a 
special code.  This machine is called the Network Server.

Any other computer running the CITS25 on the same network can then be activated by 
connecting it to the Network Server. These machines are called Network Clients.

The activation code ties the Network Server to one specific computer but there is no 
limit to the number of Network Clients.

The CITS25 program on a Network Client uses DCOM to launch another instance of the CITS25 
on a remote computer. It then communicates with this over the network to verify that it 
has been activated as a Network Server. If the remote computer is a valid Network Server 
then the Network Client is activated too.

The above procedure happens when the client is first activated and, once successfully 
activated, every time the CITS25 program on the Network Client is run. Therefore the 
Network Server nust remain activated and accessible on the network in order for its 
clients to function.


Network Server Requirements
---------------------------

The Network Server computer must be running Windows NT, version 4.0 or higher. 
This is because NT 4.0 includes native support for DCOM and allows remote launching of 
applications.

It is critical that DCOM is correctly configured on the Network Server. Once this is done 
activating remote clients should be quite straight-forward.  See Distributed COM 
Configuration below for details of how DCOM should be configured.


Network Client Requirements
---------------------------

Network Clients may run Windows 95/98 or NT.  DCOM support may not be present on all 
Win95/98 machines.  This will be evident when attempting to activate the software as 
the Network Activation buttons on the "Help/Software Activation..." dialog will be 
disabled (grayed out) and a diagnostic message will be displayed at the bottom of the 
dialog.

DCOM support may be provided by either installing Internet Explorer 4.0 or by
running "DCOM95.exe"/"DCOM98.exe" (available for download from the Microsoft website).


Network Protocol Requirement
----------------------------

TCP/IP must be installed on client and server and DNS/WINS Name resolution set up 
correctly on the network.

Test this by pinging the server by name from the client.
If this doesnt work try pinging by IP address.
If neither of the above works TCP/IP is not setup properly on the network.
If it works by using an IP address but not by computer name then DNS/WINS Name resolution 
is not set up correctly.

DCOM must be enabled on both client and server machines.  This is the default but can be 
changed using DCOMCNFG (see below). If DCOM is not enabled then the Network Activation 
buttons on the "Help/Software Activation..." dialog will be disabled (grayed out) and a 
message displayed below them to this effect.


Distributed COM (DCOM) Configuration
------------------------------------

It is necessary to modify the DCOM configuration on the Network Server to enable clients 
to remotely launch the CITS25 on the server.  There is a utility called DCOMCNFG.EXE which 
may be run from the "Start Menu\Run..."  dialog to adjust these settings.  To use this on NT 
you need to be logged in as an administator.

DCOMCNFG allows you to change either system wide parameters or properties for a specific 
application. It is suggested that the default parameters be left unaltered and that only 
CITS25 specific properties should be adjusted to facilitate network operation.

Note that in order for DCOMCNFG to list the CITS25 in its applications list it needs the 
CITS25 to have been run at least once on that machine.  

Select CITS25 from the DCOMCNFG Applications list and then click the "Properties..." button 
to adjust parameters specific to the CITS25.

Suggested  CITS25 specific DCOMCNFG settings for Network Server:-

General		:-		Authentication Level: Default

Location	:-		Only "Run application on this computer" checked

Security	:-		Use default access permissions
					Use custom launch permissions:  Everyone - Allow Launch
					Use default configuration permissions

Identity	:-		"This User" 
							User: Cits25User
							Password: ****
							Confirm: Password ****	

Endpoints	:-		Defaults system protocols


The above uses the Identity set to "This User" where Cits25User is a valid user name for an 
NT account set up with the User Manager. Cits25User can be an ordinary user with the default 
user rights.

This setup is recommended becauser it will allow remote computers to launch the CITS25 on 
this machine even when there is nobody currently logged on. Alternatively Identity can be 
set to "Interactive User".



Installing/Running on Network Client
------------------------------------
If the software is installed on the client from the install disks or from the self-extracting 
executable downloaded from the web then all files necessary for correct operation should be 
installed on the client.

The CITS25 application may also be run on a client by using a shortcut to the CITS25.exe file 
on the server PC. This may not work if certain operating system files are not present on the 
client. The application will report any needed files which are not present when it is first 
run. To fix this either install the software on these clients or copy the missing files from 
another computer to the windows system directory of the client.

The same thing may happen if the CITS25 executable is copied to a computer rather than being 
installed.


